// File: background.txt
Q1. The result of the bitwise OR operation is 0x6B in hexadecimal and 107 in decimal. After performing a left bitwise shift by 5 bits operation the new result
    is 0xD60 in hex and 3424 in decimal. This answer presupposes that the fixed width of the binary inputs are 32 or 64 bits since it is unspecified.

Q2. 2 milliamperes of current will flow

Q3. An absolute path is a filepath that starts from the root directory and lists all the visited nodes from that point to the file whereas a relative path does not start at the root directory and instead starts at the working directory. The shorthand "~" indicates the home directory; The shorthand ".." indicates the parent directory; The shorthand "." indicates the working directory

Q4. The absolute path to my CS107E directory is "/Users/vizorcloud/cs107e_home/mycode/cs107e". I can quickly change to this directory by just typing "cd $CS107E". 

Q5. I will be using the vim editor and my plan to better situate myself with its functionality and workflow is by watching a few comprehensive tutorials on the dynamics of the editor while following along and experimenting with the knowledge I acquire along the way.

Q6. I will be using a multi-tab setup in the terminal with vim open in one tab and have another tab available for executing certain commands as needed. I will swap between these tabs using CTRL + TAB 

Q7. These are my definitions for the following commands and an example of how/when I would use it.
	cd - Change to a different directory. I can use this to swap between my assignment directory and home directory.
	pwd - Prints my current working directory. I used this to find the file path of my CS107E directory for this assignemnt. 
	ls - Lists all the files in my working directory. I used this to find the printout.py file
	cat - It prints the contents of a file to the terminal. I used this to see the contents of this text file before I started to edit it with vim.
	mkdir - It creates a new directory. I can use this if I ever need to create a new subdirectory for one of my assignments.
	rmdir - It removes a given empty directory. I can use this if I ever need to delete the subdirectory I made for my assignment that I didn't need/store anything in.
	touch - Creates a new file or updates the modification timestamp of a given file. I can use this if I ever need to create a text file for my assignments.
	rm - Removes a file or directory. I can use this to delete a directory I have that I no longer need, nor its child files.
	echo - Prints a given input to the terminal. I can use this to check of the value of a variable with the terminal.

Q8. This is how I plan to incorporate the following features:
	Tab Completion: I plan to use tab completion to type my commands much quicker and especially my file paths.
	Command Line Editing: I plan to use this feature to edit my commands if ever I mistyped something rather than just rewrite the whole command on a new line.
	History: I plan to use this feature to track my history of commands and backtrack if I ever make a mistake or misremember what I previously did to get to a certain point.

Q9. Wikipedia articles on the concepts we use in class are incredibely helpful such as this for File Systems: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hierarchical_file_system

 
