// Style reflection submitted with assign4

1. I did indeed duplicate code in the handling of padding for integers and hex values. For example, both %d and %x implementations use a loop to prepend padding characters before copying the formatted number into the buffer. Instead of repeating this logic, I could write a helper function write_padding(char *buf, size_t *index, size_t bufsize, int padCount, char padChar) and call it from both cases. This would allow me to compress my duplications into a much neater version of the code. It would have also made testing easier since there is now a single location where padding behavior is defined. Indeed, in my previous duplicated version there were several moments where I had to continuously update all my duplicated patterns due to a single error that persisted through them all

2. I did not really unify all my padding code into a single code path. Each specifier—decimal, hex, string, character—applies padding in its own block of code. To unify the approach, I could first convert the value to a temporary string, determine its length, compute the padding amount, and then call a common padding/copy routine. For instance, lines like for (int i = 0; i < padCount; i++) { buf[bufIndex++] = padChar; } could be replaced with a call to the helper function mentioned above. This would reduce mu duplicated loops and makes it easier to extend support for additional specifiers consistently.

3. Using a stepwise approach to process printf format specifiers makes the code much easier to read and maintain. By dividing our approach into steps it becomes clear to the client and even the developer later on the singular purposes of individual code segments. This makes them easier to debug since there is only one responsibility going on at a time. This isolation means if a bug appears—say, padding is wrong or a number is formatted incorrectly, it is clear which stage to check. The extra passes are negligible in performance for most use cases, while the more optimal clarity of the layered approach makes it far more practical than premature single-pass optimization.

4. If a client calls strlen with a pointer that is invalid or doesn’t point to a proper C-string, the function will start reading memory from that address until it happens to find a null terminator. This can lead to undefined behavior: the program might crash immediately with a segmentation fault, it might read garbage data, or it could even continue past valid memory boundaries, potentially corrupting memory or exposing sensitive information. Essentially, strlen blindly trusts the pointer, so any mistake in the pointer’s validity or the string’s termination can have serious consequences for the program.

5. Using strnlen is safer than strlen because it limits how far it reads into memory: you specify a maximum length (maxlen), and strnlen will examine at most that many bytes. This prevents it from running off into invalid memory if the string isn’t properly null-terminated which avoids crashes or memory corruption. However, it doesn’t fix all problems as the pointer still needs to be valid and point to accessible memory. If the pointer itself is invalid, strnlen can still crash.
