// Style reflection submitted with assign1

1. My journey with developing my programming style is fairly recent as I had never really given style much thought throughout my personal projects preceding fall quarter. In retrospect, if I had placed more emphasis in learning and maintaining proper style, I would have saved many hours trying to decypher what code statements I had previously written in the past (sometimes even an hour or two before) were supposed to do.I now place heavy emphasis on code readability and descriptive comments after 106B and will continue to emphasize it in the near and far future. With this in mind, a victory I had in 106B in regards to style was recieving several praises from my section leader across my assignments for having easy to follow and readable code.

2. One thing I found interesting from the Google style sheet was that for Struct and Class Comments they often encouraged the inclusion of examples on how to use the classes and structs they developed, within the class/struct header comments. This surprised me since I never really thought it to be necessary to include such examples; however, I can see how including examples can make the practical purpose of the structs/classes more clear for engineers using the structures for the 1st time. I will implement this in further projects. Another thing I found interesting from the same style sheet was that for punctuation the Google engineers hold I very high level of critique on how comments and headers are punctuated and follow proper English conventions. This can be as extreme as critiquing someone for not using a semicolon where they used an improper comma. I never really expected minor writing errors like these to be so spotlighted when it comes to code review and I will be more strict with using proper, non-misleading grammar and punctuation in the future.

3. It is always ideal to enclose an if statement body with curly braces since it helps programmers better discern what the body of your conditional statements are. Additionally, it can prevent an unintended logic behavior when the body is more than one line of code, since anything after that first line of body code may run regardless of whether the condition is true or not.

4. https://github.com/TheAlgorithms/Rust/blob/master/src/searching/ternary_search.rs
   
   This code particularly stood out to me because of just how intricately detailed all of the function header comments are and how close to attention the developers were in making known certain edge/special cases. Despite being a searching algorithm I am not familiar with I feel as though I am still able to understand what is going on in this codebase and why things are the way they are.

5. I am most eager to improve my code understability/readability alongside my coding efficiency. I want to be able to not just write good code quality in the sense of being easy to comprehend/read, but also improve in designing algorithms that solve complex problems in an elegant way. The CS107E team can help me reach these goals by simply commenting on potentially better approaches I could have taken with how I tackled certain assignment goals as applicable.
